[Doc] fix format configuration (#31236)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/administration/Configuration.md

##### ignore_materialized_view_error

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: FALSE
- **Description**: Whether FE ignores the metadata exception caused by materialized view errors. If FE fails to start due to the metadata exception caused by materialized view errors, you can set this parameter to `true` to allow FE to ignore the exception. This parameter is supported from v2.5.10 onwards.

##### ignore_meta_check

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: FALSE
- **Description**: Whether non-leader FEs ignore the metadata gap from the leader FE. If the value is TRUE, non-leader FEs ignore the metadata gap from the leader FE and continue providing data reading services. This parameter ensures continuous data reading services even when you stop the leader FE for a long period of time. If the value is FALSE, non-leader FEs do not ignore the metadata gap from the leader FE and stop providing data reading services.

##### meta_delay_toleration_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 300

> - **Description**: The maximum duration by which the metadata on the follower and observer FEs can lag behind that on the leader FE. Unit: seconds. If this duration is exceeded, the non-leader FE stops providing services.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/37abe88c-a38b-45f8-ae2b-13751843ab27)
-> the non-leader FEs stop
because we have follower and observer FEs in addition to one Leader FE in a cluster, and that solicits a plural form for "non-leader FEs".

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/23c39226-9c0f-49bd-97b9-52826ddd9e30)
"Unit: seconds." can be deleted, because the unit has been declared above in Line 85 "**Unit**: s".

> - **Description**: The maximum duration by which the metadata on the follower and observer FEs can lag behind that on the leader FE. Unit: seconds. If this duration is exceeded, the non-leader FE stops providing services.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The maximum duration by which the metadata on the follower and observer FEs can lag behind that on the leader FE. Unit: seconds. If this duration is exceeded, the non-leader FEs stops providing services.
```

##### drop_backend_after_decommission

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: TRUE
- **Description**: Whether to delete a BE after the BE is decommissioned. `TRUE` indicates that the BE is deleted immediately after it is decommissioned. `FALSE` indicates that the BE is not deleted after it is decommissioned.

##### enable_collect_query_detail_info

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: FALSE

> - **Description**: Whether to view the profile of a query. If this parameter is set to `TRUE`, the system collects the profile of the query. If this parameter is set to `FALSE`, the system does not collect the profile of the query.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/05fdeda3-8a0d-4d4e-a04d-74318776662f)
I think it's better to use "collect" compared to "view", 'cause "collect" is an action done by the system while "view" is an action done by the user and clearly here it refers an action done by the system.

> - **Description**: Whether to view the profile of a query. If this parameter is set to `TRUE`, the system collects the profile of the query. If this parameter is set to `FALSE`, the system does not collect the profile of the query.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Whether to collect the profile of a query. If this parameter is set to `TRUE`, the system collects the profile of the query. If this parameter is set to `FALSE`, the system does not collect the profile of the query.
```

##### enable_decimal_v3

- Unit: -
- Default: TRUE
- Description: Whether to support the DECIMAL V3 data type.

##### enable_sql_blacklist

- Unit: -
- Default: FALSE
- Description: Whether to enable blacklist check for SQL queries. When this feature is enabled, queries in the blacklist cannot be executed.

##### dynamic_partition_check_interval_seconds

- Unit: s
- Default: 600
- Description: The interval at which new data is checked. If new data is detected, StarRocks automatically creates partitions for the data.

##### dynamic_partition_enable

- Unit: -
- Default: TRUE
- Description: Whether to enable the dynamic partitioning feature. When this feature is enabled, StarRocks dynamically creates partitions for new data and automatically deletes expired partitions to ensure the freshness of data.

##### max_partitions_in_one_batch

- Unit: -
- Default: 4096
- Description: The maximum number of partitions that can be created when you bulk create partitions.

##### max_query_retry_time

- Unit: -
- Default: 2
- Description: The maximum number of query retries on an FE.

##### max_create_table_timeout_second

- Unit: s
- Default: 600

> - Description: The maximum timeout duration for creating a table, in seconds.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/0118afb4-2152-412d-b42b-60f2fec24ab0)
", in seconds" can be deleted.

- Description: The maximum number of replicas to create serially. If actual replica count exceeds this, replicas will be created concurrently. Try to reduce this config if table creation is taking a long time to complete.

##### max_running_rollup_job_num_per_table

- Unit: -
- Default: 1
- Description: The maximum number of rollup jobs can run in parallel for a table.

##### max_planner_scalar_rewrite_num

- Unit: -
- Default: 100000
- Description: The maximum number of times that the optimizer can rewrite a scalar operator.

##### enable_statistic_collect

- Unit: -
- Default: TRUE
- Description: Whether to collect statistics for the CBO. This feature is enabled by default.

##### enable_collect_full_statistic

- Unit: -
- Default: TRUE
- Description: Whether to enable automatic full statistics collection. This feature is enabled by default.

##### statistic_auto_collect_ratio

- Unit: -
- Default: 0.8
- Description: The threshold for determining whether the statistics for automatic collection are healthy. If statistics health is below this threshold, automatic collection is triggered.

##### statistic_max_full_collect_data_size

- Unit: LONG
- Default: 107374182400

> - Description: The size of the largest partition for automatic collection to collect data. Unit: Byte. If a partition exceeds this value, full collection is discarded and sampled collection is performed instead.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/908943d2-2ea5-4bcc-974c-eafa83318a9b)
1. Which unit is correct?
2. Remove the unit in "Description".

Author: yes, this is confusing.  The unit is a Long, but it represents the number of Bytes.  I will reword the sentence.

> - Description: The size of the largest partition for automatic collection to collect data. Unit: Byte. If a partition exceeds this value, full collection is discarded and sampled collection is performed instead.

Author: ```suggestion
- Description: The size, in bytes, of the largest partition for the automatic collection of statistics. If a partition exceeds this value, then sampled collection is performed instead of full.
```

##### statistic_collect_max_row_count_per_query

- Unit: INT
- Default: 5000000000

> - Description: The maximum number of rows to query for a single analyze task. An analyze task will be split into multiple queries if this value is exceeded.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/163a625c-87f7-43f3-ad89-caa794e21a0f)
"INT" should be a data type I think.

##### statistic_collect_interval_sec

- Unit: s
- Default: 300

> - Description: The interval for checking data updates during automatic collection. Unit: seconds.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/98814274-b025-41ca-8368-927eb4598b53)
Delete "Unit: seconds."

> - Description: The interval for checking data updates during automatic collection. Unit: seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
- Description: The interval for checking data updates during automatic collection.
```

##### statistic_auto_analyze_start_time

- Unit: STRING
- Default: 00:00:00
- Description: The start time of automatic collection. Value range: `00:00:00` - `23:59:59`.

##### statistic_auto_analyze_end_time

- Unit: STRING
- Default: 23:59:59

> - Description: The end time of automatic collection. Value range: `00:00:00` - `23:59:59`.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/1a346103-4bfb-4abc-90cf-2b267bbdbce4)
1. "Unit: STRING" in Line 231 and Line 237 should be "Type: STRING" I think.
2. I suggest moving "Value range: xxx" up preceding "Default", so the flow becomes "Type" -> "Value range" -> "Default" and then the "Description".

Author: we need to defer this and have RD comment.

##### statistic_sample_collect_rows

- Unit: -
- Default: 200000
- Description: The minimum number of rows to collect for sampled collection. If the parameter value exceeds the actual number of rows in your table, full collection is performed.

##### histogram_buckets_size

- Unit: -
- Default: 64
- Description: The default bucket number for a histogram.

##### histogram_mcv_size

- Unit: -
- Default: 100
- Description: The number of most common values (MCV) for a histogram.

##### histogram_sample_ratio

- Unit: -
- Default: 0.1
- Description: The sampling ratio for a histogram.

##### histogram_max_sample_row_count

- Unit: -
- Default: 10000000
- Description: The maximum number of rows to collect for a histogram.

##### statistics_manager_sleep_time_sec

- Unit: s
- Default: 60

> - Description: The interval at which metadata is scheduled. Unit: seconds. The system performs the following operations based on this interval:

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/a60d0afe-d19d-4680-883f-4b25699b8785)
Remove "Unit: seconds."

> - Description: The interval at which metadata is scheduled. Unit: seconds. The system performs the following operations based on this interval:

Author: ```suggestion
- Description: The interval at which metadata is scheduled. The system performs the following operations based on this interval:
```

  - Create tables for storing statistics.

>   - Delete statistics that have been deleted.

Reviewer: I think the two "delete" refer to different operations in different contexts, but can't see what the differences are. Is there any more details that we can give?

Author: Defer

  - Delete expired statistics.

##### statistic_update_interval_sec

- Unit: s
- Default: `24 * 60 * 60`

> - Description: The interval at which the cache of statistical information is updated. Unit: seconds.

Reviewer: Delete "Unit: seconds."

##### statistic_analyze_status_keep_second

- Unit: s
- Default: 259200

> - Description: The duration to retain the history of collection tasks. The default value is 3 days. Unit: seconds.

Reviewer: Delete "Unit: seconds."

##### statistic_collect_concurrency

- Unit: -
- Default: 3

> - Description: The maximum number of manual collection tasks that can run in parallel. The value defaults to 3, which means you can run a maximum of three manual collections tasks in parallel. If the value is exceeded, incoming tasks will be in the PENDING state, waiting to be scheduled.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/350d7a1d-dad7-428d-98a6-c57acbebf982)
collections -> collection

> - Description: The maximum number of manual collection tasks that can run in parallel. The value defaults to 3, which means you can run a maximum of three manual collections tasks in parallel. If the value is exceeded, incoming tasks will be in the PENDING state, waiting to be scheduled.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/d0cd373a-e21d-4d3a-8491-854959762f4c)
Wrap the parameter value in code format would be best.

> - Description: The maximum number of manual collection tasks that can run in parallel. The value defaults to 3, which means you can run a maximum of three manual collections tasks in parallel. If the value is exceeded, incoming tasks will be in the PENDING state, waiting to be scheduled.

Author: ```suggestion
- Description: The maximum number of manual collection tasks that can run in parallel. The value defaults to 3, which means you can run a maximum of three manual collection tasks in parallel. If the value is exceeded, incoming tasks will be in the PENDING state, waiting to be scheduled.
```

##### enable_local_replica_selection

- Unit: -
- Default: FALSE

> - Description: Whether to select local replicas for queries. Local replicas reduce the network transmission cost. If this parameter is set to TRUE, the CBO preferentially selects tablet replicas on BEs that have the same IP address as the current FE. If this parameter is set to FALSE, both local replicas and non-local replicas can be selected. The default value is FALSE.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/1d75d09d-5bbb-4aad-8f52-1ee2e6335b01)
Wrap the parameter values in code format.

> - Description: Whether to select local replicas for queries. Local replicas reduce the network transmission cost. If this parameter is set to TRUE, the CBO preferentially selects tablet replicas on BEs that have the same IP address as the current FE. If this parameter is set to FALSE, both local replicas and non-local replicas can be selected. The default value is FALSE.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/7a33c1ce-ab6a-404b-ac68-d65c505b15ad)
Delete "The default value is FALSE.", because the "Default" is already declared in Line 301 "Default: FALSE".

> - Description: Whether to select local replicas for queries. Local replicas reduce the network transmission cost. If this parameter is set to TRUE, the CBO preferentially selects tablet replicas on BEs that have the same IP address as the current FE. If this parameter is set to FALSE, both local replicas and non-local replicas can be selected. The default value is FALSE.

Author: ```suggestion
- Description: Whether to select local replicas for queries. Local replicas reduce the network transmission cost. If this parameter is set to TRUE, the CBO preferentially selects tablet replicas on BEs that have the same IP address as the current FE. If this parameter is set to `FALSE`, both local replicas and non-local replicas can be selected. The default value is FALSE.
```

##### max_distribution_pruner_recursion_depth

- Unit: -
- Default: 100
- Description: The maximum recursion depth allowed by the partition pruner. Increasing the recursion depth can prune more elements but also increases CPU consumption.

##### enable_udf

- Unit: -
- Default: FALSE
- Description: Whether to enable UDF.

#### Loading and unloading

##### max_broker_load_job_concurrency

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 5
- **Description**: The maximum number of concurrent Broker Load jobs allowed within the StarRocks cluster. This parameter is valid only for Broker Load. The value of this parameter must be less than the value of `max_running_txn_num_per_db`. From v2.5 onwards, the default value is changed from `10` to `5`. The alias of this parameter is `async_load_task_pool_size`.

##### load_straggler_wait_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 300

> - **Description**: The maximum loading lag that can be tolerated by a BE replica. If this value is exceeded, cloning is performed to clone data from other replicas. Unit: seconds.

Reviewer: Delete "Unit: seconds."

> - **Description**: The maximum loading lag that can be tolerated by a BE replica. If this value is exceeded, cloning is performed to clone data from other replicas. Unit: seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The maximum loading lag that can be tolerated by a BE replica. If this value is exceeded, cloning is performed to clone data from other replicas.
```

##### desired_max_waiting_jobs

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 1024
- **Description**: The maximum number of pending jobs in an FE. The number refers to all jobs, such as table creation, loading, and schema change jobs. If the number of pending jobs in an FE reaches this value, the FE will reject new load requests. This parameter takes effect only for asynchronous loading. From v2.5 onwards, the default value is changed from 100 to 1024.

##### max_load_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 259200

> - **Description**: The maximum timeout duration allowed for a load job. The load job fails if this limit is exceeded. This limit applies to all types of load jobs. Unit: seconds.

Reviewer: Delete "Unit: seconds."

> - **Description**: The maximum timeout duration allowed for a load job. The load job fails if this limit is exceeded. This limit applies to all types of load jobs. Unit: seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The maximum timeout duration allowed for a load job. The load job fails if this limit is exceeded. This limit applies to all types of load jobs.
```

##### load_parallel_instance_num

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 1
- **Description**: The maximum number of concurrent loading instances for each load job on a BE.

##### disable_load_job

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: FALSE
- **Description**: Whether to disable loading when the cluster encounters an error. This prevents any loss caused by cluster errors. The default value is `FALSE`, indicating that loading is not disabled.

##### history_job_keep_max_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 604800
- **Description**: The maximum duration a historical job can be retained, such as schema change jobs, in seconds.

##### label_keep_max_num

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 1000
- **Description**: The maximum number of load jobs that can be retained within a period of time. If this number is exceeded, the information of historical jobs will be deleted.

##### label_keep_max_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 259200

> - **Description**: The maximum duration the labels of load jobs that have been completed and are in the FINISHED or CANCELLED state can be retained in the StarRocks system. The default value is 3 days. After this duration expires, the labels will be deleted. This parameter applies to all types of load jobs. Unit: seconds. A value too large consumes a lot of memory.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/f2cabfb6-91a8-433e-8b76-5ca1517f2826)
I think something is missing between "The maximum duration" and "the labels". Probably we can add "for which" between them so the sentence reads "The maximum duration for which the labels ... can be retained".

> - **Description**: The maximum duration the labels of load jobs that have been completed and are in the FINISHED or CANCELLED state can be retained in the StarRocks system. The default value is 3 days. After this duration expires, the labels will be deleted. This parameter applies to all types of load jobs. Unit: seconds. A value too large consumes a lot of memory.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/4224bb67-c616-41df-974a-a39d0378b7e8)
I'm not sure if "The default value is 3 days." is clear and won't solicit ambiguity, because the unit is "s" and "the value" can't be "3 days" but a much longer integer measured in seconds. So, I think it's better to say, for example, "The default maximum duration is 3 days."

##### max_routine_load_job_num

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 100
- **Description**: The maximum number of Routine Load jobs in a StarRocks cluster. This parameter is deprecated since v3.1.0.

##### max_routine_load_task_concurrent_num

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 5
- **Description**: The maximum number of concurrent tasks for each Routine Load job.

##### max_routine_load_task_num_per_be

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 16
- **Description**: The maximum number of concurrent Routine Load tasks on each BE. Since v3.1.0, the default value for this parameter is increased to 16 from 5, and no longer needs to be less than or equal to the value of BE static parameter `routine_load_thread_pool_size` (deprecated).

##### max_routine_load_batch_size

> - **Unit**: Byte

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/da2a8252-3aba-45d6-ac57-474e6a816bdc)
I think "Unit: Byte" should be "Unit: bytes". Also, please remove ", in bytes".

Author: defer

##### routine_load_task_consume_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 15
- **Description**: The maximum time for each Routine Load task within the cluster to consume data. Since v3.1.0, Routine Load job supports a new parameter `task_consume_second` in [job_properties](../sql-reference/sql-statements/data-manipulation/CREATE%20ROUTINE%20LOAD.md#job_properties). This parameter applies to individual load tasks within a Routine Load job, which is more flexible.

##### routine_load_task_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 60
- **Description**: The timeout duration for each Routine Load task within the cluster. Since v3.1.0, Routine Load job supports a new parameter `task_timeout_second` in [job_properties](../sql-reference/sql-statements/data-manipulation/CREATE%20ROUTINE%20LOAD.md#job_properties). This parameter applies to individual load tasks within a Routine Load job, which is more flexible.

##### max_tolerable_backend_down_num

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 0
- **Description**: The maximum number of faulty BE nodes allowed. If this number is exceeded, Routine Load jobs cannot be automatically recovered.

##### period_of_auto_resume_min

- **Unit**: Min
- **Default**: 5

> - **Description**: The interval at which Routine Load jobs are automatically recovered, in minutes.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/745d84af-311c-48c8-b038-8b5de6428b3a)
See comments made earlier

> - **Description**: The interval at which Routine Load jobs are automatically recovered, in minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The interval at which Routine Load jobs are automatically recovered.
```

- **Description**: The root directory of a Spark client.

##### stream_load_default_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 600
- **Description**: The default timeout duration for each Stream Load job, in seconds.

##### max_stream_load_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 259200
- **Description**: The maximum allowed timeout duration for a Stream Load job, in seconds.

##### insert_load_default_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 3600
- **Description**: The timeout duration for the INSERT INTO statement that is used to load data, in seconds.

##### broker_load_default_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 14400
- **Description**: The timeout duration for a Broker Load job, in seconds.

##### min_bytes_per_broker_scanner

- **Unit**: Byte
- **Default**: 67108864
- **Description**: The minimum allowed amount of data that can be processed by a Broker Load instance, in bytes.

##### max_broker_concurrency

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 100
- **Description**: The maximum number of concurrent instances for a Broker Load task. This parameter is deprecated from v3.1 onwards.

##### export_max_bytes_per_be_per_task

- **Unit**: Byte
- **Default**: 268435456

> - **Description**: The maximum amount of data that can be exported from a single BE by a single data unload task, in bytes.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/47ed262f-1fcc-4362-9acb-7d72924857a1)
Please search for all "in bytes" starting from here till the end of this doc and remove them if the Unit is already given preceding the Description?

##### export_running_job_num_limit

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 5
- **Description**: The maximum number of data exporting tasks that can run in parallel.

##### export_task_default_timeout_second

- **Unit**: s
- **Default**: 7200
- **Description**: The timeout duration for a data exporting task, in seconds.

##### empty_load_as_error

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: TRUE

> - **Description**: Whether to return an error message "all partitions have no load data" if no data is loaded. Values: TRUE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a failure message and returns an error "all partitions have no load data". FALSE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a success message and returns OK, instead of an error.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/620da93d-393f-413a-be02-04e0dfd5b87b)
I think the part starting from "Values" is supposed to be an unordered list, like below:
Values:
- TRUE: ...
- FALSE: ...

> - **Description**: Whether to return an error message "all partitions have no load data" if no data is loaded. Values: TRUE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a failure message and returns an error "all partitions have no load data". FALSE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a success message and returns OK, instead of an error.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Whether to return an error message "all partitions have no load data" if no data is loaded. Values:
  - TRUE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a failure message and returns an error "all partitions have no load data".
  - FALSE: If no data is loaded, the system displays a success message and returns OK, instead of an error.
```

- **Description**: When the tablet clone tasks are being scheduled, if a tablet has not been scheduled for the specified time in this parameter, StarRocks gives it a higher priority to schedule it as soon as possible.

#### Other FE dynamic parameters

##### plugin_enable

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: TRUE
- **Description**: Whether plugins can be installed on FEs. Plugins can be installed or uninstalled only on the Leader FE.

##### max_small_file_number

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 100
- **Description**: The maximum number of small files that can be stored on an FE directory.

##### max_small_file_size_bytes

- **Unit**: Byte
- **Default**: 1024 * 1024
- **Description**: The maximum size of a small file, in bytes.

##### agent_task_resend_wait_time_ms

- **Unit**: ms
- **Default**: 5000
- **Description**: The duration the FE must wait before it can resend an agent task. An agent task can be resent only when the gap between the task creation time and the current time exceeds the value of this parameter. This parameter is used to prevent repetitive sending of agent tasks. Unit: ms.

##### backup_job_default_timeout_ms

- **Unit**: ms
- **Default**: 86400*1000

> - **Description**: The timeout duration of a backup job, in ms. If this value is exceeded, the backup job fails.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/875dd46f-fe06-4c82-bcb5-bb18770f6c15)
Delete ", in ms".

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 389
- **Description**: The port of the LDAP server.

##### authentication_ldap_simple_user_search_attr

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: uid
- **Description**: The name of the attribute that identifies users in LDAP objects.

##### max_upload_task_per_be

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 0
- **Description**: In each BACKUP operation, the maximum number of upload tasks StarRocks assigned to a BE node. When this item is set to less than or equal to 0, no limit is imposed on the task number. This item is supported from v3.1.0 onwards.

##### max_download_task_per_be

- **Unit**: -
- **Default**: 0
- **Description**: In each RESTORE operation, the maximum number of download tasks StarRocks assigned to a BE node. When this item is set to less than or equal to 0, no limit is imposed on the task number. This item is supported from v3.1.0 onwards.

### Configure FE static parameters

This section provides an overview of the static parameters that you can configure in the FE configuration file **fe.conf**. After you reconfigure these parameters for an FE, you must restart the FE for the changes to take effect.

#### Logging

##### log_roll_size_mb

> - **Default:** 1024 MB

Reviewer: Remove "MB" from "Default:** 1024 MB", as "Default" only declares the default value and we will have a separate line "Unit: MB" to declare the unit is MB.

> - **Description:** The size per log file. Unit: MB. The default value `1024` specifies the size per log file as 1 GB.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/800e7415-3f30-483b-85a9-544ac20b0e74)
Move "Unit: MB." up and make it a new line preceding "Default".

##### sys_log_dir

- **Default:** StarRocksFE.STARROCKS_HOME_DIR + "/log"
- **Description:** The directory that stores system log files.

##### sys_log_level

- **Default:** INFO

> - **Description:** The severity levels into which system log entries are classified. Valid values: `INFO`, `WARN`, `ERROR`, and `FATAL`.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/fdd8a142-f39b-44df-a592-65c71e12f63a)
I think it's better to give the "Valid values" preceding the "Default".

##### http_port

- **Default:** 8030
- **Description:** The port on which the HTTP server in the FE node listens.

##### http_backlog_num

- **Default:** 1024
- **Description:** The length of the backlog queue held by the HTTP server in the FE node.

##### cluster_name

- **Default:** StarRocks Cluster
- **Description:** The name of the StarRocks cluster to which the FE belongs. The cluster name is displayed for `Title` on the web page.

##### rpc_port

- **Default:** 9020
- **Description:** The port on which the Thrift server in the FE node listens.

##### thrift_backlog_num

- **Default:** 1024
- **Description:** The length of the backlog queue held by the Thrift server in the FE node.

##### thrift_server_max_worker_threads

- **Default:** 4096
- **Description:** The maximum number of worker threads that are supported by the Thrift server in the FE node.

##### thrift_client_timeout_ms

- **Default:** 5000

> - **Description:** The length of time after which idle client connections time out. Unit: ms.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/6d014f84-e39c-4ef1-8998-7473e5d38a06)
Move "Unit: ms." up preceding the "Default".

#### Metadata and cluster management

##### meta_dir

- **Default:** StarRocksFE.STARROCKS_HOME_DIR + "/meta"
- **Description:** The directory that stores metadata.

##### heartbeat_mgr_threads_num

- **Default:** 8
- **Description:** The number of threads that can be run by the Heartbeat Manager to run heartbeat tasks.

##### heartbeat_mgr_blocking_queue_size

- **Default:** 1024
- **Description:** The size of the blocking queue that stores heartbeat tasks run by the Heartbeat Manager.

##### metadata_failure_recovery

- **Default:** FALSE
- **Description:** Specifies whether to forcibly reset the metadata of the FE. Exercise caution when you set this parameter.

##### edit_log_port

- **Default:** 9010
- **Description:** The port that is used for communication among the leader, follower, and observer FEs in the StarRocks cluster.

##### edit_log_type

- **Default:** BDB
- **Description:** The type of edit log that can be generated. Set the value to `BDB`.

##### bdbje_heartbeat_timeout_second

- **Default:** 30

> - **Description:** The amount of time after which the heartbeats among the leader, follower, and observer FEs in the StarRocks cluster time out. Unit: second.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/9edd999b-d5de-44cd-b1b9-5a2e1fee522b)
Remove "Unit: second." in the "Description", and add "Unit: seconds." preceding Line 968 "**Default:** 30".

##### bdbje_lock_timeout_second

- **Default:** 1
- **Description:** The amount of time after which a lock in the BDB JE-based FE times out. Unit: second.

##### max_bdbje_clock_delta_ms

- **Default:** 5000

> - **Description:** The maximum clock offset that is allowed between the leader FE and the follower or observer FEs in the StarRocks cluster. Unit: ms.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/877f1820-ef7b-4acd-874f-d8a611830684)
See the comment at Line 969

##### txn_rollback_limit

- **Default:** 100
- **Description:** The maximum number of transactions that can be rolled back.

##### bdbje_replica_ack_timeout_second

- **Default:** 10

> - **Description:** The maximum amount of time for which the leader FE can wait for ACK messages from a specified number of follower FEs when metadata is written from the leader FE to the follower FEs. Unit: second. If a large amount of metadata is being written, the follower FEs require a long time before they can return ACK messages to the leader FE, causing ACK timeout. In this situation, metadata writes fail, and the FE process exits. We recommend that you increase the value of this parameter to prevent this situation.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/00955844-ce7f-4b92-8cb0-20a4a62b0a81)
Can you check for all "Unit:" in "Description" throughout the doc and then remove them from "Description" and add them preceding "Default"?

##### tablet_sched_balancer_strategy

- **Default:** disk_and_tablet
- **Description:** The policy based on which load balancing is implemented among tablets. The alias of this parameter is `tablet_balancer_strategy`. Valid values: `disk_and_tablet` and `be_load_score`.

##### tablet_sched_storage_cooldown_second

- **Default:** -1
- **Description:** The latency of automatic cooling starting from the time of table creation. The alias of this parameter is `storage_cooldown_second`. Unit: second. The default value `-1` specifies that automatic cooling is disabled. If you want to enable automatic cooling, set this parameter to a value greater than `-1`.

##### tablet_stat_update_interval_second

- **Default:** 300
- **Description:** The time interval at which the FE retrieves tablet statistics from each BE. Unit: second.

#### StarRocks shared-data cluster

##### run_mode

- **Default**: shared_nothing
- **Description**: The running mode of the StarRocks cluster. Valid values: shared_data and shared_nothing (Default).

shared_data indicates running StarRocks in shared-data mode.

> shared_nothing indicates running StarRocks in shared-nothing mode.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/344dae45-4a5d-4ec0-bb3d-f8d837a7da9d)
I think it's better to organize this part as follows:
Valid values:
- `shared_data` indicates running StarRocks in shared-data mode.
- `shared_nothing` indicates running StarRocks in shared-nothing mode.

> shared_nothing indicates running StarRocks in shared-nothing mode.

Author: ```suggestion
  - shared_nothing indicates running StarRocks in shared-nothing mode.
```

CAUTION
You cannot adopt the shared_data and shared_nothing modes simultaneously for a StarRocks cluster. Mixed deployment is not supported.
DO NOT change run_mode after the cluster is deployed. Otherwise, the cluster fails to restart. The transformation from a shared-nothing cluster to a shared-data cluster or vice versa is not supported.

##### cloud_native_meta_port

- **Default**: 6090

> - **Description**: The cloud-native meta service RPC port. Default: 6090.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/f19a02fb-6bef-46cf-b8b5-3327643b7b42)
Delete "Default: 6090."

> - **Description**: The cloud-native meta service RPC port. Default: 6090.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The cloud-native meta service RPC port.
```

##### cloud_native_storage_type

- **Default**: S3

> - **Description**: The type of object storage you use. In shared-data mode, StarRocks supports storing data in Azure Blob (supported from v3.1.1 onwards), and object storages that are compatible with the S3 protocol (such as AWS S3, Google GCP, and MinIO). Valid value: S3 (Default) and AZBLOB. If you specify this parameter as S3, you must add the parameters prefixed by aws_s3. If you specify this parameter as AZBLOB, you must add the parameters prefixed by azure_blob.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/7063cb91-cb88-492b-b29c-6741e945cb9b)
Change "Valid value: S3 (Default) and AZBLOB." to "Valid values: S3, AZBLOB." and move it up preceding "Default".

##### aws_s3_path

- **Default**: N/A

> - **Description**: The S3 path used to store data. It consists of the name of your S3 bucket and the sub-path (if any) under it, for example, testbucket/subpath.

Reviewer: Wrap "testbucket/subpath" in code format

> - **Description**: The S3 path used to store data. It consists of the name of your S3 bucket and the sub-path (if any) under it, for example, testbucket/subpath.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The S3 path used to store data. It consists of the name of your S3 bucket and the sub-path (if any) under it, for example, `testbucket/subpath`.
```

##### aws_s3_endpoint

- **Default**: N/A
- **Description**: The endpoint used to access your S3 bucket, for example, `https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`.

##### aws_s3_region

- **Default**: N/A

> - **Description**: The region in which your S3 bucket resides, for example, us-west-2.

Reviewer: Wrap "us-west-2" in code format.

##### aws_s3_use_aws_sdk_default_behavior

- **Default**: false

> - **Description**: Whether to use the default authentication credential of AWS SDK. Valid values: true and false (Default).

Reviewer: Remove "Valid values: true and false (Default)."

##### aws_s3_use_instance_profile

- **Default**: false

> - **Description**: Whether to use Instance Profile and Assumed Role as credential methods for accessing S3. Valid values: true and false (Default).

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/00f95a24-c24a-43c2-a000-0d8137462b0b)
Remove "Valid values: true and false (Default).".
I'm thinking about whether we should add "Valid values: true, false" or "Type: BOOLEAN" for such types of parameters. What's your opinion?

  - If you use IAM user-based credential (Access Key and Secret Key) to access S3, you must specify this item as false, and specify aws_s3_access_key and aws_s3_secret_key.
  - If you use Instance Profile to access S3, you must specify this item as true.
  - If you use Assumed Role to access S3, you must specify this item as true, and specify aws_s3_iam_role_arn.

>   - And if you use an external AWS account, you must also specify aws_s3_external_id.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/846be8fb-7c56-4d78-a9e6-adb7ef57cab8)
I suggest wrapping all these in code format

##### aws_s3_access_key

- **Default**: N/A
- **Description**: The Access Key ID used to access your S3 bucket.

##### aws_s3_secret_key

- **Default**: N/A
- **Description**: The Secret Access Key used to access your S3 bucket.

##### aws_s3_iam_role_arn

- **Default**: N/A
- **Description**: The ARN of the IAM role that has privileges on your S3 bucket in which your data files are stored.

##### aws_s3_external_id

- **Default**: N/A
- **Description**: The external ID of the AWS account that is used for cross-account access to your S3 bucket.

##### azure_blob_path

- **Default**: N/A

> - **Description**: The Azure Blob Storage path used to store data. It consists of the name of the container within your storage account and the sub-path (if any) under the container, for example, testcontainer/subpath.

Reviewer: Wrap "testcontainer/subpath" in code format.

##### enable_metric_calculator

- **Default:** TRUE
- **Description:** Specifies whether to enable the feature that is used to periodically collect metrics. Valid values: `TRUE` and `FALSE`. `TRUE` specifies to enable this feature, and `FALSE` specifies to disable this feature.

## BE configuration items

Some BE configuration items are dynamic parameters which you can set them by commands when BE nodes are still online. The rest of them are static parameters. You can only set the static parameters of a BE node by changing them in the corresponding configuration file **be.conf**, and restart the BE node to allow the change to take effect.

### View BE configuration items

You can view the BE configuration items using the following command:

```shell
curl http://<BE_IP>:<BE_HTTP_PORT>/varz
```

### Configure BE dynamic parameters

You can configure a dynamic parameter of a BE node by using the `curl` command.

```Shell
curl -XPOST http://be_host:http_port/api/update_config?<configuration_item>=<value>
```

BE dynamic parameters are as follows.

#### report_task_interval_seconds

> - **Default:** 10 seconds

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/fb678dd5-808b-4402-8b7e-82cd74acf19d)
Change "**Default:** 10 seconds" to "**Default:** 10", and add "Unit: seconds" preceding "Default", I think.

- **Default:** 50 KB/s
- **Description:** The download speed lower limit of each HTTP request. An HTTP request aborts when it constantly runs with a lower speed than this value within the time span specified in the configuration item `download_low_speed_time`.

#### download_low_speed_time

- **Default:** 300 seconds
- **Description:** The maximum time that an HTTP request can run with a download speed lower than the limit. An HTTP request aborts when it constantly runs with a lower speed than the value of `download_low_speed_limit_kbps` within the time span specified in this configuration item.

#### status_report_interval

- **Default:** 5 seconds
- **Description:** The time interval at which a query reports its profile, which can be used for query statistics collection by FE.

#### scanner_thread_pool_thread_num

- **Default:** 48 (Number of Threads)
- **Description:** The number of threads which the storage engine used for concurrent storage volume scanning. All threads are managed in the thread pool.

#### thrift_client_retry_interval_ms

- **Default:** 100 ms
- **Description:** The time interval at which a thrift client retries.

#### scanner_thread_pool_queue_size

> - **Default:** 102,400 (Number of Tasks)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Default:** 102,400
```

- **Description:** The number of scan tasks supported by the storage engine.

#### scanner_row_num

- **Default:** 16,384 (Maximum Rows per Scan Thread)
- **Description:** The maximum row count returned by each scan thread in a scan.

#### max_scan_key_num

- **Default:** 1,024 (Maximum Number of Scan Keys per Query)
- **Description:** The maximum number of scan keys segmented by each query.

#### max_pushdown_conditions_per_column

- **Default:** 1,024 (Maximum Number of Pushdown Conditions per Column)

> - **Description:** The maximum number of conditions that allow pushdown in each column. If the number of conditions exceeds this limit, the predicates are not pushed down to the storage layer.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/5204a217-8aa7-4d73-9d8b-60d6860165ad)
All these should be deleted, I think.

#### thrift_rpc_timeout_ms

- **Default:** 5,000 ms
- **Description:** The timeout for a thrift RPC.

#### txn_commit_rpc_timeout_ms

- **Default:** 60,000 ms
- **Description:** The timeout for a transaction commit RPC.

#### max_consumer_num_per_group

- **Default:** 3 (Maximum Number of Consumers in a Consumer Group of Routine Load)
- **Description:** The maximum number of consumers in a consumer group of Routine Load.

#### max_memory_sink_batch_count

- **Default:** 20 (Maximum Number of Scan Cache Batches)
- **Description:** The maximum number of Scan Cache batches.

#### scan_context_gc_interval_min

- **Default:** 5 minutes
- **Description:** The time interval at which to clean the Scan Context.

#### path_gc_check_step

- **Default:** 1,000 (Maximum Number of Files Scanned Continuously Each Time)
- **Description:** The maximum number of files that can be scanned continuously each time.

#### path_gc_check_step_interval_ms

- **Default:** 10 ms
- **Description:** The time interval between file scans.

#### path_scan_interval_second

- **Default:** 86,400 seconds
- **Description:** The time interval at which GC cleans expired data.

#### storage_flood_stage_usage_percent

> - **Default:** 95% (Storage Usage Threshold for Load and Restore Job Rejection)

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/8d653a15-805b-46db-86fe-ddf882885606)
All these should be deleted.

> - **Default:** 95% (Storage Usage Threshold for Load and Restore Job Rejection)

Author: ```suggestion
- **Default:** 95
```

#### tablet_meta_checkpoint_min_interval_secs

- **Default:** 600 seconds
- **Description:** The time interval of thread polling for a TabletMeta Checkpoint.

#### max_runnings_transactions_per_txn_map

- **Default:** 100 (Maximum Number of Concurrent Transactions per Partition)
- **Description:** The maximum number of transactions that can run concurrently in each partition.

#### tablet_max_pending_versions

- **Default:** 1,000 (Maximum Number of Pending Versions on a Primary Key Tablet)
- **Description:** The maximum number of pending versions that are tolerable on a Primary Key tablet. Pending versions refer to versions that are committed but not applied yet.

#### tablet_max_versions

- **Default:** 1,000 (Maximum Number of Versions Allowed on a Tablet)
- **Description:** The maximum number of versions allowed on a tablet. If the number of versions exceeds this value, new write requests will fail.

#### max_hdfs_file_handle

- **Default:** 1,000 (Maximum Number of HDFS File Descriptors)
- **Description:** The maximum number of HDFS file descriptors that can be opened.

#### be_exit_after_disk_write_hang_second

- **Default:** 60 seconds

> - **Description:** The length of time that the BE waits to exit after the disk hangs.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/a1672d21-e020-498a-b151-00f1ee9066ed)
All these should be deleted.

#### min_cumulative_compaction_failure_interval_sec

- **Default:** 30 seconds
- **Description:** The minimum time interval at which Cumulative Compaction retries upon failures.

#### size_tiered_level_num

> - **Default:** 7 (Number of Levels for Size-tiered Compaction)

Reviewer: Can you please check all "Default" starting from here till the end of this doc to see if they contain a parameter description wrapped in parentheses, and remove such descriptions as they are unnecessary?

#### internal_service_async_thread_num

- **Default:** 10 (Number of Threads)
- **Description:** The thread pool size allowed on each BE for interacting with Kafka. Currently, the FE responsible for processing Routine Load requests depends on BEs to interact with Kafka, and each BE in StarRocks has its own thread pool for interactions with Kafka. If a large number of Routine Load tasks are distributed to a BE, the BE's thread pool for interactions with Kafka may be too busy to process all tasks in a timely manner. In this situation, you can adjust the value of this parameter to suit your needs.

### Configure BE static parameters

You can only set the static parameters of a BE by changing them in the corresponding configuration file **be.conf**, and restart the BE to allow the changes to take effect.

BE static parameters are as follows.

#### hdfs_client_enable_hedged_read

- **Default**: false
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: Specifies whether to enable the hedged read feature. This parameter is supported from v3.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/b0f93985-04ee-4c1c-97e1-32cdfbbcc416)
In previous sections, "Unit" precedes "Default". I think it's better to adhere to one sequence "Unit -> Default" throughout this doc. Please see to all the parameters starting from here till the end of this doc.

#### hdfs_client_hedged_read_threadpool_size

- **Default**: 128
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: Specifies the size of the Hedged Read thread pool on your HDFS client. The thread pool size limits the number of threads to dedicate to the running of hedged reads in your HDFS client. This parameter is supported from v3.0 onwards. It is equivalent to the dfs.client.hedged.read.threadpool.size parameter in the hdfs-site.xml file of your HDFS cluster.

#### hdfs_client_hedged_read_threshold_millis

- **Default**: 2500

> - **Unit**: Millisecond

Reviewer: "Millisecond" VS "ms", I think it's better to adhere to one style throughout this doc.

> - **Description**: Specifies the number of milliseconds to wait before starting up a hedged read. For example, you have set this parameter to 30. In this situation, if a read from a block has not returned within 30 milliseconds, your HDFS client immediately starts up a new read against a different block replica. This parameter is supported from v3.0 onwards. It is equivalent to the dfs.client.hedged.read.threshold.millis parameter in the hdfs-site.xml file of your HDFS cluster.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/e4002b28-1c9e-4fd8-9c57-8333f9a93b1f)
Wrap "30" in code format

#### be_port

- **Default**: 9060
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The BE thrift server port, which is used to receive requests from FEs.

#### brpc_port

- **Default**: 8060
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The BE BRPC port, which is used to view the network statistics of BRPCs.

#### brpc_num_threads

- **Default**: -1
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: The number of bthreads of a BRPC. The value -1 indicates the same number with the CPU threads.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/67ec571f-563f-4a4b-8832-cf166d7dc0d3)
Warp "-1" in code format

#### sys_log_dir

- **Default**: ${STARROCKS_HOME}/log
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The directory that stores system logs (including INFO, WARNING, ERROR, and FATAL).

#### user_function_dir

- **Default**: ${STARROCKS_HOME}/lib/udf
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The directory used to store User-defined Functions (UDFs).

#### small_file_dir

- **Default**: ${STARROCKS_HOME}/lib/small_file
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The directory used to store the files downloaded by the file manager.

#### sys_log_level

- **Default**: INFO
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The severity levels into which system log entries are classified. Valid values: INFO, WARN, ERROR, and FATAL.

#### sys_log_roll_mode

- **Default**: SIZE-MB-1024
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The mode in which system logs are segmented into log rolls. Valid values include TIME-DAY, TIME-HOUR, and SIZE-MB-<size>. The default value indicates that logs are segmented into rolls, each of which is 1 GB.

#### sys_log_roll_num

- **Default**: 10
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The number of log rolls to reserve.

#### sys_log_verbose_modules

- **Default**: Empty string
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: The module of the logs to be printed. For example, if you set this configuration item to OLAP, StarRocks only prints the logs of the OLAP module. Valid values are namespaces in BE, including starrocks, starrocks::debug, starrocks::fs, starrocks::io, starrocks::lake, starrocks::pipeline, starrocks::query_cache, starrocks::stream, and starrocks::workgroup.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/63614deb-7f22-493a-972b-01c7e338a6b2)
It would be better to wrap all these in code format.

#### sys_log_verbose_level

- **Default**: 10
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The level of the logs to be printed. This configuration item is used to control the output of logs initiated with VLOG in codes.

#### log_buffer_level

- **Default**: Empty string
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: The strategy for flushing logs. The default value indicates that logs are buffered in memory. Valid values are -1 and 0. -1 indicates that logs are not buffered in memory.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/77bb8a39-8992-402e-97be-4c5975295e1e)
code format

#### num_threads_per_core

- **Default**: 3
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The number of threads started on each CPU core.

#### compress_rowbatches

- **Default**: TRUE
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to compress the row batches in RPCs between BEs. TRUE indicates compressing the row batches, and FALSE indicates not compressing them.

#### serialize_batch

- **Default**: FALSE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to serialize the row batches in RPCs between BEs. TRUE indicates serializing the row batches, and FALSE indicates not serializing them.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/66da17d7-2f38-4934-b9f8-f11823786d6c)
code format

#### storage_root_path

- **Default**: `${STARROCKS_HOME}/storage`
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The directory and medium of the storage volume.
  - Multiple volumes are separated by semicolons (`;`).
  - If the storage medium is SSD, add `medium:ssd` at the end of the directory.

>   - If the storage medium is HDD, add ,medium:hdd at the end of the directory.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/3568d558-3d4f-497d-8657-78d689a165c3)
Wrap ",medium:hdd" in code format too. Also, I think the comma (,) in ",medium:hdd" is a typo and should be removed?

- **Description**: The maximum length of input values for the to_base64() function.

#### max_tablet_num_per_shard

- **Default**: 1024
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The maximum number of tablets in each shard. This configuration item is used to restrict the number of tablet child directories under each storage directory.

#### max_garbage_sweep_interval

- **Default**: 3600
- **Unit**: Second
- **Description**: The maximum time interval for garbage collection on storage volumes.

#### min_garbage_sweep_interval

- **Default**: 180
- **Unit**: Second
- **Description**: The minimum time interval for garbage collection on storage volumes.

#### file_descriptor_cache_capacity

- **Default**: 16384
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The number of file descriptors that can be cached.

#### min_file_descriptor_number

- **Default**: 60000
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The minimum number of file descriptors in the BE process.

#### index_stream_cache_capacity

- **Default**: 10737418240
- **Unit**: Byte
- **Description**: The cache capacity for the statistical information of BloomFilter, Min, and Max.

#### disable_storage_page_cache

- **Default**: FALSE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to disable PageCache.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/be45e71d-5b18-4e54-8898-d55f653ab173)
Delete "A boolean value to control", so the sentence starts with "Whether".

  - When PageCache is enabled, StarRocks caches the recently scanned data.
  - PageCache can significantly improve the query performance when similar queries are repeated frequently.
  - TRUE indicates disabling PageCache.

>   - The default value of this item has been changed from TRUE to FALSE since StarRocks v2.4.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/86322c9b-0dbc-448b-9256-e73250b642bf)
Wrap these in code format.

#### be_http_port

- **Default**: 8040
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The HTTP server port.

#### be_http_num_workers

- **Default**: 48
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The number of threads used by the HTTP server.

#### load_data_reserve_hours

- **Default**: 4
- **Unit**: Hour
- **Description**: The reservation time for the files produced by small-scale loadings.

#### number_tablet_writer_threads

- **Default**: 16
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The number of threads used for Stream Load.

#### streaming_load_rpc_max_alive_time_sec

- **Default**: 1200
- **Unit**: Second
- **Description**: The RPC timeout for Stream Load.

#### fragment_pool_thread_num_min

- **Default**: 64
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The minimum number of threads used for query.

#### fragment_pool_thread_num_max

- **Default**: 4096
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The maximum number of threads used for query.

#### fragment_pool_queue_size

- **Default**: 2048
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The upper limit of the query number that can be processed on each BE node.

#### enable_token_check

- **Default**: TRUE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to enable the token check. TRUE indicates enabling the token check, and FALSE indicates disabling it.

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/57167462/0081c9d2-4444-4031-b0a3-ec4fa4cae4cc)
1. Remove "A boolean value to control", and make the sentence start with "Whether".
2. Wrap the parameter values "TRUE" and "FALSE" in code format.

#### enable_prefetch

- **Default**: TRUE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to enable the pre-fetch of the query. TRUE indicates enabling pre-fetch, and FALSE indicates disabling it.

Reviewer: Remove "A boolean value to control", and make the sentence start with "Whether".

#### load_process_max_memory_limit_bytes

- **Default**: 107374182400
- **Unit**: Byte
- **Description**: The maximum size limit of memory resources that can be taken up by all load processes on a BE node.

#### load_process_max_memory_limit_percent

- **Default**: 30
- **Unit**: %
- **Description**: The maximum percentage limit of memory resources that can be taken up by all load processes on a BE node.

#### sync_tablet_meta

- **Default**: FALSE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to enable the synchronization of the tablet metadata. TRUE indicates enabling synchronization, and FALSE indicates disabling it.

Reviewer: 1. Remove "A boolean value to control", and make the sentence start with "Whether".
2. Wrap the parameter values "TRUE" and "FALSE" in code format.

#### routine_load_thread_pool_size

- **Default**: 10
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: The thread pool size for Routine Load on each BE. Since v3.1.0, this parameter is deprecated. The thread pool size for Routine Load on each BE is now controlled by the FE dynamic parameter max_routine_load_task_num_per_be.

Reviewer: Wrap "max_routine_load_task_num_per_be" in code format.

#### brpc_max_body_size

- **Default**: 2147483648
- **Unit**: Byte
- **Description**: The maximum body size of a BRPC.

#### tablet_map_shard_size

- **Default**: 32
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The tablet map shard size. The value must be a power of two.

#### enable_bitmap_union_disk_format_with_set

- **Default**: FALSE
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: A boolean value to control whether to enable the new storage format of the BITMAP type, which can improve the performance of bitmap_union. TRUE indicates enabling the new storage format, and FALSE indicates disabling it.

Reviewer: 1. Remove "A boolean value to control", and make the sentence start with "Whether".
2. Wrap the parameter values "TRUE" and "FALSE" in code format.

#### mem_limit

- **Default**: 90%
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: BE process memory upper limit. You can set it as a percentage ("80%") or a physical limit ("100GB").

#### flush_thread_num_per_store

- **Default**: 2
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: Number of threads that are used for flushing MemTable in each store.

#### block_cache_enable

- **Default**: false
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: Whether to enable Data Cache. TRUE indicates Data Cache is enabled, and FALSE indicates Data Cache is disabled.

Reviewer: Wrap the parameter values "TRUE" and "FALSE" in code format.

#### block_cache_disk_path

- **Default**: N/A
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The paths of disks. We recommend that the number of paths you configure for this parameter is the same as the number of disks on your BE machine. Multiple paths need to be separated with semicolons (;). After you add this parameter, StarRocks automatically creates a file named cachelib_data to cache blocks.

#### block_cache_meta_path

- **Default**: N/A
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: The storage path of block metadata. You can customize the storage path. We recommend that you store the metadata under the $STARROCKS_HOME path.

#### block_cache_mem_size

- **Default**: 2147483648
- **Unit**: Bytes
- **Description**: The maximum amount of data that can be cached in memory. Unit: bytes. The default value is 2147483648, which is 2 GB. We recommend that you set the value of this parameter to at least 20 GB. If StarRocks reads a large amount of data from disks after Data Cache is enabled, consider increasing the value.

#### block_cache_disk_size

- **Default**: 0
- **Unit**: Bytes

> - **Description**: The maximum amount of data that can be cached on a single disk. For example, if you configure two disk paths for the block_cache_disk_path parameter and set the value of the block_cache_disk_size parameter as 21474836480 (20 GB), a maximum of 40 GB data can be cached on these two disks. The default value is 0, which indicates that only memory is used to cache data. Unit: bytes.

Reviewer: See to all parameter values starting from here till the end of this doc and make sure they are wrapped in code format.

#### internal_service_async_thread_num

- **Default:** 10 (Number of Threads)
- **Description:** The thread pool size allowed on each BE for interacting with Kafka. Currently, the FE responsible for processing Routine Load requests depends on BEs to interact with Kafka, and each BE in StarRocks has its own thread pool for interactions with Kafka. If a large number of Routine Load tasks are distributed to a BE, the BE's thread pool for interactions with Kafka may be too busy to process all tasks in a timely manner. In this situation, you can adjust the value of this parameter to suit your needs.

### Configure BE static parameters

You can only set the static parameters of a BE by changing them in the corresponding configuration file **be.conf**, and restart the BE to allow the changes to take effect.

BE static parameters are as follows.

#### hdfs_client_enable_hedged_read

- **Default**: false
- **Unit**: N/A
- **Description**: Specifies whether to enable the hedged read feature. This parameter is supported from v3.0 onwards.

#### hdfs_client_hedged_read_threadpool_size

- **Default**: 128
- **Unit**: N/A

> - **Description**: Specifies the size of the Hedged Read thread pool on your HDFS client. The thread pool size limits the number of threads to dedicate to the running of hedged reads in your HDFS client. This parameter is supported from v3.0 onwards. It is equivalent to the dfs.client.hedged.read.threadpool.size parameter in the hdfs-site.xml file of your HDFS cluster.

Reviewer 2: maybe for parameters that have clear version info, we can add a row called "Supported in xxx" or add the version info to the parameter name, for example, ![image](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks/assets/98087056/369dd25d-3381-44ee-83c4-b53a2252c1dd). but I think the current change is great, we can add the version info later

Author: yes, Amber also had great suggestions for making this more meaningful. I will copy this and Amber's suggestions into a doc.

cc: @amber-create @evelynzhaojie
